feat: added projectDeepLink to template variables (#165)
expo/expo-github-action: preview-comment/README.md

Some of these variables are also exported as subaction output. 
Here is a summary of these variables.

| output name         | template name       | description                                           |
| ----------------    | ----------------    | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| **projectOwner**    | `{projectOwner}`    | The resolved owner of the project                     |
| **projectSlug**     | `{projectSlug}`     | The resolved slug of the project                      |
| **projectName**     | `{projectName}`     | The resolved name of the project                      |

> | **projectDeepLink** | `{projectDeepLink}` | The expo.host project link, including release channel |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **projectDeepLink** | `{projectDeepLink}` | A deep link to open Expo Go directly |
```
